I'm a dedicated software developer with over 3 years of hands-on experience, holding a Master's degree in Computer Applications from S.I.E.S. College, University of Mumbai. 

I’m a dedicated software developer with over two years and three months of experience. I have a Master’s in Computer Applications from Mumbai University, which I completed in 2022, and a Bachelor’s in Computer Science from Shivaji University, finished in 2020.

I completed a six-month internship at Crisil Ltd, and afterward, I retained my position as a software developer, where I’ve been working for two years and three months, excluding the internship.

I have experience working with Java, Spring Boot, Angular, Performance benchmarking, SonarQube, Oracle, MySQL, MariaDB and Keycloak for authentication and security.

I’m currently working on a project called Fulkrum at Crisil Ltd. It’s a web-based application designed to help users create reports, manage jobs, and process large datasets efficiently. It's the package of majorly 3 module. For this project, we used Java Spring Boot for the back-end and Angular for the front-end. 
1st module helps user to create report using user friendly UI and draggable component. 2nd module Helps to execute and schedule Pentaho ETL jobs. 3rd module helps to process & generate reports based on large amount of data using BigData and Hadoop. It also consists numerous client specific module which are integrated with Fulkrum. 

My role involves the full software development lifecycle, from requirements analysis to deployment.

Throughout the project, One of the highlights of my work has been performance optimization and bug fixing and leading upgrades to newer versions of Angular and Spring Boot. I also collaborated on back-end using Oracle/MySQL databases.

I have implemented various Keycloak providers, including multi-factor authentication via email and the Mule provider. Additionally, For our Fulkrum project, I also developed methods in Keycloak's source code to enhance database password encryption and integrate Cyber Vault for password management.

I am passionate about continuous learning and problem-solving, having improved security and code quality during my internship by integrating SonarQube & Black Duck.

Additionally, I was recognized with the 'You Made a Difference' award at Crisil for providing solutions to long-standing issues and ensuring timely delivery to clients. 

Outside of work, I enjoy solving puzzles, drawing, and playing indoor games, which keeps my mind sharp and enhances my problem-solving skills in both personal and professional settings.